---
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "We do not use cookies and we do not collect any personal data."
date: 2021-04-26T14:52:00+02:00
lastmod: 2021-04-26T14:52:00+02:00
draft: false
images: []
---

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to LocalStack.

* **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

* **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

* **App** refers to the LocalStack app, accessible from https://app.localstack.cloud

* **Platform** refers to the LocalStack platform which provides users with software services and Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) to develop and test cloud applications.

* **Service** collectively refers to the App and the Platform, and any associated services provided.

* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

* **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
"Cookies" are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

*  Email address
*  First name and last name
*  Phone number
*  Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
*  Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's IP address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may collect certain statistical data related to the usage of the Service, including which Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) are being used, how frequently they are used, which API input parameters are used, and which responses are returned by the APIs. Note that the usage data is either anonymized, obfuscated, or hashed before being stored, in order to preserve Your privacy and to ensure that no (potentially) sensitive data is being stored.

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service.

You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service.

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser.

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

* To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
* To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
* For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
* To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
*  To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
*  To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

We may share your personal information in the following situations:

*  With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service, to contact You, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, or for payment processing.
*  For Business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
*  With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
*  With Business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
*  With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see You name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users may be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is very important to Us, and we focus our technical efforts on protecting Your data, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Your Rights

As set out in locally applicable Personal Data protection law, You may have:

* **The right to access** You may have the right to obtain from Us a confirmation as to whether or not Personal Data concerning You are being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to Your Personal Data. However, this is not an absolute right and the interests of other individuals may restrict Your right of access. Further, You may have the right to obtain a copy of Your Personal Data undergoing processing. For additional copies requested, We may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.

* **The right to rectification** You may have the right to obtain from Us the rectification of inaccurate Personal Data. Depending on the purposes of the processing, You may have the right to have incomplete Personal Data made complete, in particular by providing a supplementary statement.

* **The right to erasure** Under certain circumstances, You may have the right to require Us to delete Your Personal Data.

* **The right to restrict processing** Under certain circumstances, You may have the right to require Us to restrict the processing of Your Personal Data. In this case, the respective Personal Data will be marked and may only be processed by Us for certain purposes.

* **The right to object to processing** Under certain circumstances, You may have the right to object, on grounds relating to their particular situation, at any time to the processing of Your Personal Data by Us and We can be required to no longer process Your Personal Data.

* **The right to data portability** Under certain circumstances, You may have the right to receive the Personal Data concerning You, which You have provided to Us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and to transmit these Personal Data to another entity.

If You make a request, we have one month to respond to You. If You would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact Us at our email: info@localstack.cloud

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## How to contact Us

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or Our privacy practices, you can contact Us at any time at info@localstack.cloud

---
Last updated: March, 2022 (2022.v1)
